README.md, before:

<!-- markdownlint-disable first-line-h1 no-inline-html -->

<img src=".github/icon-400px.svg" alt="A PowerShell Module for Cloud Foundation Certificate Management" width="150"></br></br>

# PowerShell Module for VMware Cloud Foundation Certificate Management

[<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Documentation-Read-blue?style=for-the-badge&logo=readthedocs&logoColor=white" alt="Documentation">][docs-module]&nbsp;&nbsp;
[<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Changelog-Read-blue?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white" alt="CHANGELOG" >][changelog]

[<img src="https://img.shields.io/powershellgallery/v/VMware.CloudFoundation.CertificateManagement?style=for-the-badge&logo=powershell&logoColor=white" alt="PowerShell Gallery">][psgallery-module]&nbsp;&nbsp;
<img src="https://img.shields.io/powershellgallery/dt/VMware.CloudFoundation.CertificateManagement?style=for-the-badge&logo=powershell&logoColor=white" alt="PowerShell Gallery Downloads">

## Overview

`VMware.CloudFoundation.CertificateManagement` is a PowerShell module designed to provide you the ability to manage 
certificates within your VMware Cloud Foundation environment.

Using this module, you can perform various tasks on a VMware Cloud Foundation instance or a specific
workload domain.

- Configure the Certificate Authority for SDDC Manager.
- Generate certificate signing requests for a workload domain.
- Request signed-certificates for a workload domain.
- Install and replace CA-signed certificates for a workload domain.+
- Generate certificate signing requests for ESX hosts.
- Set the ESX Certificate Mode in vCenter.
- Install and replace CA-signed certificates for a ESX hosts.

## Documentation

Please refer to the [documentation][docs-module] for more information on how to use this module.

## Contributing

We encourage community contributions! To get started, please refer to the [contribution guidelines][contributing].

## Support

This module is community-driven and maintained by the project contributors. It is not officially
supported by Broadcom Support but thrives on collaboration and input from its users.

Use the GitHub [issues][gh-issues] to report bugs or suggest features and enhancements. Issues are
monitored by the maintainers and are prioritized based on criticality and community [reactions][gh-reactions].

Before filing an issue, please search the issues and use the reactions feature to add votes to
matching issues. Please include as much information as you can. Details like these are incredibly
useful in helping the us evaluate and prioritize any changes:

- A reproducible test case or series of steps.
- Any modifications you've made relevant to the bug.
- Anything unusual about your environment or deployment.

You can also start a discussion on the GitHub [discussions][gh-discussions] area to ask questions or
share ideas.

## License

© Broadcom. All Rights Reserved.

The term “Broadcom” refers to Broadcom Inc. and/or its subsidiaries.

This project is licensed under the [BSD 2-Clause License](LICENSE).
[//]: Links

[changelog]: CHANGELOG.md
[contributing]: CONTRIBUTING.md
[docs-module]: https://vmware.github.io/powershell-module-for-vmware-cloud-foundation-certificate-management
[gh-discussions]: https://github.com/vmware/powershell-module-for-vmware-cloud-foundation-certificate-management/discussions
[gh-issues]: https://github.com/vmware/powershell-module-for-vmware-cloud-foundation-certificate-management/issues
[gh-reactions]: https://github.blog/2016-03-10-add-reactions-to-pull-requests-issues-and-comments/
[psgallery-module]: https://www.powershellgallery.com/packages/VMware.CloudFoundation.CertificateManagement

Commit message:

docs: update supported versions
Updates supported versions.

Signed-off-by: Ryan Johnson <ryan.johnson@broadcom.com>

README.md, after:

<!-- markdownlint-disable first-line-h1 no-inline-html -->

<img src=".github/icon-400px.svg" alt="A PowerShell Module for Cloud Foundation Certificate Management" width="150"></br></br>

# PowerShell Module for VMware Cloud Foundation Certificate Management

[<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Documentation-Read-blue?style=for-the-badge&logo=readthedocs&logoColor=white" alt="Documentation">][docs-module]&nbsp;&nbsp;
[<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Changelog-Read-blue?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white" alt="CHANGELOG" >][changelog]

[<img src="https://img.shields.io/powershellgallery/v/VMware.CloudFoundation.CertificateManagement?style=for-the-badge&logo=powershell&logoColor=white" alt="PowerShell Gallery">][psgallery-module]&nbsp;&nbsp;
<img src="https://img.shields.io/powershellgallery/dt/VMware.CloudFoundation.CertificateManagement?style=for-the-badge&logo=powershell&logoColor=white" alt="PowerShell Gallery Downloads">

## Overview

`VMware.CloudFoundation.CertificateManagement` is a PowerShell module designed to provide you the ability to manage 
certificates within your VMware Cloud Foundation environment.

Using this module, you can perform various tasks on a VMware Cloud Foundation instance or a specific
workload domain.

- Configure the Certificate Authority for SDDC Manager.
- Generate certificate signing requests for a workload domain.
- Request signed-certificates for a workload domain.
- Install and replace CA-signed certificates for a workload domain.+
- Generate certificate signing requests for ESX hosts.
- Set the ESX Certificate Mode in vCenter.
- Install and replace CA-signed certificates for a ESX hosts.

For details on specific VMware Cloud Foundation versions supported by this module, please refer to the [documentation][docs-module].

## Documentation

For detailed instructions on using this module, refer to the [documentation][docs-module].

## Contributing

We encourage community contributions! To get started, please refer to the [contribution guidelines][contributing].

## Support

This module is community-driven and maintained by the project contributors. It is not officially
supported by Broadcom Support but thrives on collaboration and input from its users.

Use the GitHub [issues][gh-issues] to report bugs or suggest features and enhancements. Issues are
monitored by the maintainers and are prioritized based on criticality and community [reactions][gh-reactions].

Before filing an issue, please search the issues and use the reactions feature to add votes to
matching issues. Please include as much information as you can. Details like these are incredibly
useful in helping the us evaluate and prioritize any changes:

- A reproducible test case or series of steps.
- Any modifications you've made relevant to the bug.
- Anything unusual about your environment or deployment.

You can also start a discussion on the GitHub [discussions][gh-discussions] area to ask questions or
share ideas.

## License

© Broadcom. All Rights Reserved.

The term “Broadcom” refers to Broadcom Inc. and/or its subsidiaries.

This project is licensed under the [BSD 2-Clause License](LICENSE).
[//]: Links

[changelog]: CHANGELOG.md
[contributing]: CONTRIBUTING.md
[docs-module]: https://vmware.github.io/powershell-module-for-vmware-cloud-foundation-certificate-management
[gh-discussions]: https://github.com/vmware/powershell-module-for-vmware-cloud-foundation-certificate-management/discussions
[gh-issues]: https://github.com/vmware/powershell-module-for-vmware-cloud-foundation-certificate-management/issues
[gh-reactions]: https://github.blog/2016-03-10-add-reactions-to-pull-requests-issues-and-comments/
[psgallery-module]: https://www.powershellgallery.com/packages/VMware.CloudFoundation.CertificateManagement
