docs/documentation/functions/Get-vCenterCertificateThumbprint.md, before:

# Get-vCenterCertificateThumbprint

## SYNOPSIS

Retrieves either all of the vCenter Server instance's certificate thumbprints or those which match the provided issuer name.

## SYNTAX

```powershell
Get-vCenterCertificateThumbprint [-server] <String> [-user] <String> [-pass] <String> [-domain] <String>
 [[-issuer] <String>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION

The Get-vCenterCertificateThumbprint cmdlet retrieves the vCenter Server instance's certificate thumbprints.
By default, it retrieves all thumbprints.
If issuer is provided, then only the thumbprint of the matching certificate is returned.

## EXAMPLES

### EXAMPLE 1

```powershell
Get-vCenterCertificateThumbprint -server sfo-vcf01.sfo.rainpole.io -user administrator@vsphere.local -pass VMw@re1! -domain sfo-m01
```

This example retrieves the certificate thumbprints for the vCenter Server instance belonging to the domain sfo-m01.

### EXAMPLE 2

```powershell
Get-vCenterCertificateThumbprint -server sfo-vcf01.sfo.rainpole.io -user administrator@vsphere.local -pass VMw@re1! -domain sfo-m01 -issuer rainpole
```

This example retrieves the vCenter Server instance's certificate thumbprints for the vCenter Server instance belonging to domain sfo-m01 and a matching issuer "rainpole".

## PARAMETERS

### -server

The FQDN of the SDDC Manager.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: 1
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -user

The username to authenticate to SDDC Manager.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: 2
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -pass

The password to authenticate to SDDC Manager.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: 3
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -domain

The name of the workload domain to retrieve the vCenter Server instance's certificate thumbprints from.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: 4
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -issuer

The name of the issuer to match with the vCenter Server instance's certificate thumbprints.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: 5
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### Common Parameters

This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see [about_CommonParameters](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

Commit message:

docs: fix-up docs (#47)
- Updated headers, readability, and order of the docs.
- Updated parameter description to match other module docs.
- Renamed `.md` files for four docs not appearing due to being case sensitive.
- Adds `mkdocs-open-in-new-tab` to open external links in a new tab.
- Changes `Documentation` to `Reference` to help align with other modules. The whole site is "documentation".

Signed-off-by: Ryan Johnson <johnsonryan@vmware.com>

docs/documentation/functions/Get-vCenterCertificateThumbprint.md, after:

# Get-vCenterCertificateThumbprint

## Synopsis

Retrieves either all of the vCenter Server instance's certificate thumbprints or those which match the provided issuer name.

## Syntax

```powershell
Get-vCenterCertificateThumbprint [-server] <String> [-user] <String> [-pass] <String> [-domain] <String> [[-issuer] <String>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## Description

The `Get-vCenterCertificateThumbprint` cmdlet retrieves the vCenter Server instance's certificate thumbprints.

By default, it retrieves all thumbprints.

If issuer is provided, then only the thumbprint of the matching certificate is returned.

## Examples

### Example 1

```powershell
Get-vCenterCertificateThumbprint -server sfo-vcf01.sfo.rainpole.io -user administrator@vsphere.local -pass VMw@re1! -domain sfo-m01
```

This example retrieves the certificate thumbprints for the vCenter Server instance belonging to the domain sfo-m01.

### Example 2

```powershell
Get-vCenterCertificateThumbprint -server sfo-vcf01.sfo.rainpole.io -user administrator@vsphere.local -pass VMw@re1! -domain sfo-m01 -issuer rainpole
```

This example retrieves the vCenter Server instance's certificate thumbprints for the vCenter Server instance belonging to domain sfo-m01 and a matching issuer "rainpole".

## Parameters

### -server

The fully qualified domain name of the SDDC Manager instance.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: 1
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -user

The username to authenticate to the SDDC Manager instance.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: 2
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -pass

The password to authenticate to the SDDC Manager instance.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: 3
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -domain

The name of the workload domain to retrieve the vCenter Server instance's certificate thumbprints from.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: 4
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -issuer

The name of the issuer to match with the vCenter Server instance's certificate thumbprints.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: 5
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### Common Parameters

This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see [about_CommonParameters](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).
