docs/documentation/functions/Test-EsxiCertMgmtChecks.md, before:

# Test-EsxiCertMgmtChecks

## SYNOPSIS

Run the checks required for ESXi Certificate Management for a given cluster or an ESXi host.

## SYNTAX

```powershell
Test-VCFCertMgmtChecks [-server] <String> [-user] <String> [-pass] <String> [-domain] <String>
 [-cluster] <String> [-signedCertificate] <String> [[-esxiFqdn] <String>] [[-issuer] <String>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION

The Test-VCFCertMgmtChecks runs the checks required for ESXi Certificate Management for a given cluster or an ESXi host.
The following checks are run:

- Check ESXi Certificate Mode
- Check ESXi Lockdown Mode
- Confirm Certificate Authority In vCenter Server
- Check vSAN Health Status

## EXAMPLES

### EXAMPLE 1

```powershell
Test-VCFCertMgmtChecks -server sfo-vcf01.sfo.rainpole.io -user administrator@vsphere.local -pass VMw@re1! -domain sfo-m01 -cluster sfo-m01-cl01 -issuer rainpole -signedCertificate F:\Certificates\Root64.cer
```

This example runs the checks required for ESXi Certificate Management for the cluster belonging to the domain sfo-m01.

### EXAMPLE 2

```powershell
Test-VCFCertMgmtChecks -server sfo-vcf01.sfo.rainpole.io -user administrator@vsphere.local -pass VMw@re1! -domain sfo-m01 -cluster sfo-m01-cl01 -esxiFqdn sfo01-m01-esx01.sfo.rainpole.io -issuer rainpole -signedCertificate F:\Certificates\Root64.cer
```

This example runs the checks required for ESXi Certificate Management for an ESXi host belonging to the domain sfo-m01.

## PARAMETERS

### -server

The FQDN of the SDDC Manager.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: 1
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -user

The username to authenticate to SDDC Manager.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: 2
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -pass

The password to authenticate to SDDC Manager.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: 3
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -domain

The name of the workload domain to retrieve the vCenter Server instance's certificate thumbprints from.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: 4
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -cluster

The name of the cluster in which the ESXi host is located.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: cluster
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: 5
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -signedCertificate

The complete path for the root certificate file.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: 6
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -issuer

The name of the issuer to match with the thumbprint.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: 7
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -esxiFqdn

The FQDN of the ESXi host.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: 8
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### Common Parameters

This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see [about_CommonParameters](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

Commit message:

docs: fix-up docs
- Updated headers, readability, and order of the docs.
- Updated parameter description to match other module docs.
- Renamed `.md` files for four docs not appearing due to being case sensitive.
- Adds `mkdocs-open-in-new-tab` to open external links in a new tab.
- Changes `Documentation` to `Reference` to help align with other modules. The whole site is "documentation".

Signed-off-by: Ryan Johnson <johnsonryan@vmware.com>

docs/documentation/functions/Test-EsxiCertMgmtChecks.md, after:

# Test-EsxiCertMgmtChecks

## Synopsis

Run the checks required for ESXi Certificate Management for a given cluster or an ESXi host.

## Syntax

```powershell
Test-VCFCertMgmtChecks [-server] <String> [-user] <String> [-pass] <String> [-domain] <String> [-cluster] <String> [-signedCertificate] <String> [[-esxiFqdn] <String>] [[-issuer] <String>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## Description

The `Test-VCFCertMgmtChecks` runs the checks required for ESXi Certificate Management for a given cluster or an ESXi host.

The following checks are run:

- Check ESXi Certificate Mode
- Check ESXi Lockdown Mode
- Confirm Certificate Authority in vCenter Server
- Check vSAN Health Status

## Examples

### Example 1

```powershell
Test-VCFCertMgmtChecks -server sfo-vcf01.sfo.rainpole.io -user administrator@vsphere.local -pass VMw@re1! -domain sfo-m01 -cluster sfo-m01-cl01 -issuer rainpole -signedCertificate F:\Certificates\Root64.cer
```

This example runs the checks required for ESXi Certificate Management for the cluster belonging to the domain sfo-m01.

### Example 2

```powershell
Test-VCFCertMgmtChecks -server sfo-vcf01.sfo.rainpole.io -user administrator@vsphere.local -pass VMw@re1! -domain sfo-m01 -cluster sfo-m01-cl01 -esxiFqdn sfo01-m01-esx01.sfo.rainpole.io -issuer rainpole -signedCertificate F:\Certificates\Root64.cer
```

This example runs the checks required for ESXi Certificate Management for an ESXi host belonging to the domain sfo-m01.

## Parameters

### -server

The fully qualified domain name of the SDDC Manager instance.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: 1
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -user

The username to authenticate to the SDDC Manager instance.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: 2
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -pass

The password to authenticate to the SDDC Manager instance.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: 3
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -domain

The name of the workload domain to retrieve the vCenter Server instance's certificate thumbprints from.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: 4
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -cluster

The name of the cluster in which the ESXi host is located.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: cluster
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: 5
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -signedCertificate

The complete path for the root certificate file.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: 6
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -issuer

The name of the issuer to match with the thumbprint.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: 7
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -esxiFqdn

The FQDN of the ESXi host.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: 8
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### Common Parameters

This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see [about_CommonParameters](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).
